[DOCS] Updates to outlier detection release highlight (#44911)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/release-notes/highlights-7.3.0.asciidoc

// end::notable-highlights[]

// tag::notable-highlights[]
[discrete]
[[release-highlights-7.3.0-outlier-detection]]
==== Discover your most unusual data using {oldetection}

> The goal of {stack-ov}/security-privileges.html[{oldetection}] is to find 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The goal of {stack-ov}/dfa-outlier-detection.html[{oldetection}] is to find 
```

Author: Thanks!

the most unusual data points in an index. We analyse the numerical fields of 
each data point (document in an index) and annotate them with how unusual they 
are.
 
We use unsupervised {oldetection} which means there is no need to provide a 
training data set to teach {oldetection} to recognize outliers. In practice, 
this is achieved by using an ensemble of distance based and density based 
techniques to identify those data points which are the most different from the 
bulk of the data in the index. We assign to each analysed data point an 
{olscore}, which captures how different the entity is from other entities in the 
index.
 
In addition to new {oldetection} functionality, we are introducing the 

> Evaluate API, which allows users to compute a range of performance metrics such 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
evaluate {dfanalytics} API, which enables you to compute a range of performance metrics such 
```

as confusion matrices, precision, recall, the 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Receiver_operating_characteristic[receiver-operating characteristics (ROC) curve] 
and the area under the ROC curve. If you are running {oldetection} on a source 
index that has already been labeled to indicate which points are truly outliers 
and which are normal, you can use the 

> {ref}/evaluate-dfanalytics.html[Evaluate API] to assess the performance of the 

Reviewer: I suggest putting the link on the first occurrence instead. 
```suggestion
evaluate {dfanalytics} API to assess the performance of the 
```
